This is a head-gum original.
The door?
No, that doesn't work.
The moment I close the door, we can't hear computer audio in the room.
Everything's connected to the door.
One of the worst setups for the show ever.
It's AP podcasting.
This is advanced placement shit because it's zoom plus studio plus you all being recorded video and audio and your soundboard.
It doesn't get harder than this.
There's just a lot of live podcasts.
I was just saying to Brad and Will, who unfortunately are joining us today, that KC agrees with me.
This is a really difficult, what's that?
Unfortunately, we've been patient little boys.
So, doesn't mean that we have to bond?
We're doing this because you did me a favor.
Doesn't mean I'm happy.
But I came.
Is my camera on?
Are we just using the webcam video?
They can see you through the webcam.
Through the webcam.
Why?
Are we on this episode?
I'll tell you why we're making episodes.
We're making episodes.
But then for the output show or watching, is it cool?
That camera or is it still the watch?
They're going to be seeing you through the cinema cameras.
That can be seeing me through the GoPro.
And then there's going to be two little guys.
Let's say it's Will and it's Brad.
And it's going to be a four little quattro.
And it's going to be a four, a minute episode.
Because we all have hard hours.
It's been 30 minutes.
And by the way, they were good jokes when we were setting up.
What?
Like the fucking Brad.
You did the thing about the bread bowl.
Or the fucking Brad, Braddy Cooper or whatever.
Instead of Daddy Cooper.
It's Brad Cooper.
Yeah, let's not rehash that.
Let's not have half.
Let's not come in having had half.
Because guess what?
That's a heavy breakfast.
That is a heavy breakfast.
You don't have that on Thursday before it worked day.
You have needle for lunch.
Where you have the chewing fund.
Everybody turned fun to.
Brad will.
Let's say how.
Sorry.
Let me get that sound in first.
I guess.
Basically, I wanted to talk to y'all about.
How you guys feel about living in Portland and New York,
respectively.
And then see if you would maybe do like a parent trap,
like sort of a pea trap.
Like, you know what?
Like when plumbing.
There's the pea trap that goes right under the sink vanity.
Yeah.
So what are we doing?
Is it like, yeah.
Or is it like, yeah.
It's like a trying to follow.
And I'm struggling to follow.
Yeah.
I don't know what it's about the way I conduct these.
For lack of better German interviews.
That's confusing to others.
The energy shift.
I love you, Brad.
That there is being really frustrated to whatever is going on right now.
I'm just genuinely frustrated.
I did get genuinely frustrated.
We're getting out of it.
I don't want to start this whole thing with the energy of me being like,
I'm going, I might take the show to your wolf.
You think?
Why?
I don't like that.
Wouldn't that be the funniest thing to do on this show, though?
If I took this to like, I don't know.
Spotify.
I think it might be big enough.
I don't think it's a big show.
No, they're shedding shows.
Why would they add you?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
I might take it to eye heart.
And I do eye heart.
I heart.
I don't think you have it to take it.
Really?
Yeah.
Nor do they want to have it.
I don't own the rights, but where did you earn the rights?
We have like a host virus relationship where we sort of both need each other
but you're killing us.
You're killing me softly.
With your hurt.
The rads pod.
YoKing's podcast.
Let's talk about it.
Let's start with the why now?
Why do this show ever?
It's a king of the Hill podcast, is that fair?
Yeah, they're rebooting the show.
I didn't know that.
That's your problem.
Well, actually, they actually may not be because Johnny Hardwick, voice of Dale recently, tragically passed away.
So, and then you started a show.
Well, we started the show before he passed.
If you listen to the show, we talk about it.
I didn't realize that sound effect is literally called fart with extra reverb.
And that's the other issue, is that he can see the sound board.
I don't want him to know.
Here we go.
That was easy.
Right?
Because of the setup.
Yeah.
Let's talk about sex, baby.
The dating and everything is rolling by the lens.
Oh, shit.
Getting.
So.
And see, I can't even go like this because of the way that this is wrangled.
This is not supposed to be like this.
And I didn't do it.
Can you see?
I can't get things set up.
No.
It's not my fault.
And I think it's important that I internalize that.
What were we talking about?
My podcast.
We're talking about the Hitchens podcast.
Brad, do you want to plug it?
Kind of say what it is.
Again, why now slash.
Why ever?
And I'm not.
Why now?
Because it's one of the greatest Americans.
It comes of all time.
It's.
It comes.
Me and a buddy of mine who is a professional juggler.
Slash.
Daddy.
From Edwin.
And Oklahoma.
We go through each episode of King of the Hill.
We have a segment every week where we talk about current events from the day that the episode dropped.
So we talk about the 90s.
We talk about the show.
We crown the King of each episode's Hill.
So every episode has kind of a game to it in a way.
We're trying to hit 100,000 subscribers by the end of the month.
I think that's a reasonable.
Goal to hit.
So if y'all could go subscribe.
Hilt King's podcast.
YouTube.
Apple.
Spotify.
We're on TikTok.
Jeff's gonna come to an episode.
Soon.
Yeah.
Yo, this beat goes mad hard.
Yeah, drop a rhyme.
I'm here.
Come on.
So.
Yeah.
It's like, I don't know what to come in.
But like a quiz show.
It makes me riso.
I can't.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What was that Casey?
You have Casey on your soundboard.
I have Casey on your soundboard.
Interesting.
Yeah.
On your right.
But that's the whole King's podcast.
Plug.
Do you feel like you got it all?
Sure, man.
Or you feel like you're going to point people to it.
I mean, it kind of felt like the music was drowning me out.
You were down and out, but you weren't drowning out.
I can guarantee you'll be mixed perfectly.
So people can hear both the music and the plug because some people will only be interested in the music.
Some people will only be interested in the plug.
And so here's a little bit something for everyone should be in land.
It's kind of like Disney land.
Everyone's watching.
Walt Disney's an original vision for the theme park.
Was that adults and kids could have fun alike?
That's really cool.
Who was that.
Who was that?
That's a wild cat.
It's just a cat or something.
It's just a cat or a demon.
What are you going to be on?
It's a fun show to be a part of.
People love this shit.
Yeah.
The Hilt King's.
Uh, and that is fun.
I'll be about that.
But maybe Hilt King can follow you.
Just kind of like when you're walking stand behind somebody,
Well.
You came here you had three cold brews, but I only see one.
This is the hood.
You've had three to the roof.
I met two and a half.
You've had three cold breads to have all for yourself.
No.
because I'm gonna have two, and then I'm gonna take the other one home.
So you, but you, this is your second, that you finish.
This is the first.
So where's the second?
The second one's in the fridge.
The third one's in the fridge, right?
And I think we're getting a little bit too far away
from the Hulking spot, guess.
And it's like, finished the over, yeah.
The plug's done, man.
Plug's done.
We'll go somewhere, man.
Besides, quarter away.
Hulking.
Every time I see this fucker, he's in quarter away.
That's not quarter away.
That is really quarter away.
That's possible, huh?
That's gonna be a washed out cotton.
Oh, it's cute.
Like a weird denim.
Denemy.
I have a denim.
I was gonna say kind of a denim.
And if I can add an end to this whole thing,
we need new producers.
We need additional producers.
We're not putting our fucking salary money
towards the right things.
Yeah.
Well, I think this show is such a low priority
that unless you literally do all of it,
we would just let it go by the wayside.
Really?
Yeah.
Obviously.
What about the fucking $600?
See, the thing it, I think is that.
That's not necessarily necessary to keep the lights on.
But it's not necessarily,
basically gonna keep the show, this show of float.
Yeah, that's kind of hanging by a thread.
Ice, so thin, it's practically water.
I get that.
And is that cause of, yeah?
It's because of your ship's life.
I'm at change.
You've had gum, or is it like a spot-
You're not steering this program in the right direction.
We're treading water.
I mean, you know what happens when you tread water for a while.
You drown.
Get revengeously.
You get rid of it.
I think it's like 250 pounds an hour.
It's a lot.
It's not a lot at all.
I don't know.
Yeah.
And what do you 150?
You're an asshole, I think.
Uh, why?
I'm so sick of this, sick of this, sick of this, sick of this, sick of this, sick, man.
Barbara Brockley said she is not even close to a decision.
I said, I've been feeling the brunt of your lack of decision making on a weekly basis
on the show.
Yeah.
Right?
And it definitely shouldn't be air-intailer Johnson.
But I'm just like, fucking, what's the guy, Renée Jean Page?
The guy from Richardson, I almost said, Pendleton.
Yeah.
I don't know what that is.
But.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, but this is straight from SUNY and Barbara Brockley.
They haven't even discussed the new bond, is what they're saying.
You think that movies are written just without the actor, or they need the actor involved
and then all right the movie?
I think they're on a long vacation.
And I think they don't mind the strike, because Barbara doesn't want to be on set in
fucking Portofino.
Right?
She doesn't want to be in London.
She wants to be in the Maldives with a fucking malt with Reeves.
Yeah.
And who's the new bond?
And he is my bond to the Reeves.
My bond to the week is getting on Reeves because I think that Barbara Brockley drinks
Maldives.
Got it.
Yeah.
Will?
Travis Kelsey.
He's hot?
No.
Yeah.
Famous.
What the god?
This is the worst segment and every time I listen, I skip it.
Wow.
Oh.
The jail code.
Acal.
Oh waste.
Oh, I saw that, I just I'd always said no.
AC.
baby.
I've appeared with a meal.
Yeah.
Um.
Have you guys ever used ails to treat your ails?
No.
We got to take a break.
Um.
I didn't get.
I did.
OK.
I didn't.
Are you a millennial in miss's what life was like in the 2000s?
The odds?
Do you have a hard time finding new or curated music?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives
on relationships dating and music?
Then you're gonna love see the thing is,
a podcast hosted by Grammy Award winning
R&B artist Bridget Kelly
and media personality and podcast trailblazer, Mandibee.
Twice a week, Bridget and Mandi have nostalgic conversations
in their grown segments, political pop culture conversations
in their honest segments,
and relationship, hot take conversations
in their slightly toxic segment.
The opinions on the show are real
and brought to you by the genuine connections
that the ladies have with their guests.
Who they like to call their friends with benefits?
Each week you'll leave with some new music wrecks
or a full curated playlist
that you didn't even know you needed
in their freshly squeezed music segment.
Most recently, the ladies have sat down
with Ari Lennox, Big Fridia, Remy Ma,
and Van Lathen, so the star power keeps coming
and keeps going each and every week.
So follow and subscribe to see the thing is
on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New audio episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday
and visuals are available the next day
on YouTube on Wednesdays and Saturdays.
Check it out.
This show is sponsored by BetterHelp.
Guys, sometimes you're not quite sure
how to feel about the end of year season, right?
Do I mean, are you looking forward to the holidays
or are you anxious about them?
Maybe you struggle with seasonal blues, I know I do, right?
I mean, the sun is setting at 4.45
and I can't help but have that exterior darkness
in view itself unto me, kind of show itself
from the inside out like an infrared sauna,
but no matter how you experience the end of the year,
it can be a lot, right?
And it can be natural to feel some sadness or anxiety about it.
But adding something new and positive to your life
can counteract some of those feelings
and therapy can be that bright spot
amongst all the stress and change.
Something to look forward to, make you feel grounded
and give you the tools to manage everything that's going on.
I definitely get sad, that's seasonal effect of disorder, right?
And daylight savings was this week.
So I'm up in therapy to twice a week
and we'll see if that works,
but I know that at least once a week
when it's bright is good to go
and maybe twice a week when it's dark,
we'll keep the darkness at bay.
So if you're thinking of starting therapy,
give BetterHelp a try.
It's entirely online,
designed to be convenient, flexible,
and suited to your schedule, right?
Just fill out a brief question here
to get matched with the license therapist
and switch therapists at any time
for no additional charge.
Find your bright spot this season with BetterHelp.
Visit betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Today, to get 10% off your first month,
again, that's BetterHelp.
H-E-L-P-.com slash what's that?
Thanks, BetterHelp.
Go back, here's the thing,
I think the energy in this room and the Zoom is sour,
but this is a good episode so far.
It's sloppy.
It's, I hope you like it extra sloppy.
What's that?
It's like a lunch lady, Adam Sandler,
care of her.
Okay.
I like it extra slippery,
that that really matters to her.
Yes, exactly.
What about silly bradisons?
So it's sort of like,
brad is feeling joy with his friend.
That's just one second, brad.
With his friend Madison.
Is that the jug, Liffa, Oklahoma?
Is that the difference in the room with the ownership?
Hopefully not.
Really?
Yeah.
That will go win in all of that.
We covered Hill King's podcast.
We covered my gripes with the network in the studio set up,
which I'm not my fault,
and not the reason to show us off the rails.
The reason to show us off the rails
and maybe why the content isn't quality
is the way I host.
Yeah.
Really?
I think you're just not doing anything to bring in new listeners.
Right.
And how do we do that?
You're still catering towards the audience
that it already has.
So what should I do?
You can get famous people to be on the show,
which brings their fans over.
You can, you'll definitely get a Hill King's bump.
Yeah.
That's warm our fans.
And then promotion on Twitter and Instagram and TikTok.
So you think that the fact that I never
post about this on Instagram, TikTok or Twitter
is hurting the show's chances.
At growth.
Yeah.
So if I clipped out things from the episodes,
we would post it to the Adcom TikTok.
Exactly.
See, this is the first good note I've ever received for this.
You should know that already.
I don't care.
You don't know or don't care.
I knew that I should do that.
I didn't care.
No.
I cared.
I didn't know I should care.
I say that.
But you did care.
It's hard.
Because it's like, if you're growing up,
if somebody doesn't show you that they care,
if a paternal figure doesn't show you that,
hey, you could really be anything you set your mind to.
Yeah.
It's hard to believe that in yourself.
So to feel from the network that they don't give a shit about the show,
because I don't have the money to promote it on my own.
And when we have a better help ad on this episode,
do you get to know a bit of therapy?
We have a segment.
Does anybody want to do it?
Oh, sure.
Kind of feel really?
Yeah.
I mean, as well.
Why wouldn't we?
I don't know.
I feel like everybody's pissed at me.
I feel like that's something you've got to figure out for you, man.
I was going to, first of all,
there was other parts of the wax I want to talk about.
New name for me.
What do you guys think about Lance?
Last name?
James.
I'm Lance.
Good to meet you.
Just kind of a rebrand, because then people,
that might bring in new listeners.
If they're like, holy shit,
the heck of a podcast got a new host.
Yeah.
What about Lance?
Lance isn't bad.
I'm just worried it's short for Lance.
Alright.
This is a segment I like to call.
Inner beauty pageant.
Right.
And then.
Wait, what was that?
Was that pile?
That was a pile from the pit wall choking on his own throat.
Was he actually choking?
Was he pretending to?
That I don't know.
God, I clicked out of the context.
Yeah.
Sounded real.
Good.
Um.
I don't know a lot about beauty pageants,
but we're going to learn.
And I learned enough for the segment.
I don't know about you guys.
Okay.
Let me start the whole segment by asking you as this.
How much do you value beauty?
Let's start with the mirror.
I value it, but I don't prioritize it over more important things.
Like, comfort, cash, family.
Exactly.
Those are the big three.
And then I'll throw beauty on there.
And that's why I'm out rush more of being a good man.
Yeah.
I love that.
Let's get your mouth rush more for being a man.
Do you mean like physical beauty?
Uh, yeah.
How much do you value aesthetic beauty?
aesthetic beauty.
Uh, not really a lot.
Huh.
It wouldn't be on my mouth rush more.
I'd say my mouth rush more would be
cleanliness, punctuality.
Uh, the hill king to podcast.
Yeah.
He was podcasting with third of being a person.
And then probably a green curry with rice.
The fourth ones of food.
All right.
Will.
What do you got?
Mount Rushmore of you.
Beauty.
Benjamin Franklin.
Connover.
The other room.
Ah, that's really good.
Um, not a joke.
The host studio starts chatting.
Unlike a film.
I tend to look towards more substantive things in life.
More like you, more like Brad.
Like punctuality.
Just like a mirror then.
Wisdom.
Joy.
Faith.
ask you, the 10 best thoughtful and philosophical
page and questions, we're going to get to the end
and to the core of if y'all have inner beauty.
Let's start with number one.
If you were God for a day, how would you change the world?
Let's start with a will.
I didn't know we were in third grade,
and I needed to point to you guys.
I didn't appreciate it.
I didn't want to cut anyone off.
OK.
Suffering no more.
No more suffering.
And suffering.
OK.
That's pretty good.
Hard to follow, Amir.
Yeah, I mean, stuff to be at world peace.
But ultimately, I want to create a joyful existence
for everybody on earth where people aren't motivated
by any negative external factors.
What about negative feedback?
Can I just piggyback?
No.
OK.
And everybody to have equal joy and access to the things
that make them happy.
Yeah.
Brad, less traffic would help folks to get more punctual, I think.
Are you on time?
I usually am.
I guess I'm the judge.
OK.
I'm trying to think of which of those answers was most beautiful.
I would probably say, sorry, well, what did you say again?
He said suffering and suffering.
I'm not have to go with Amir.
Suffering can be beautiful.
You can find joy.
Sorry.
I barely said anything.
You can find joy in the little moments of like,
ah, I'm stuck in traffic, right?
And if you can do that, I think you have drew in our beauty
because you have the wisdom to let things come and go as they
please as opposed to how you please because control.
You never have it.
I'm sitting in front of control boards and couldn't even make
them work.
So you free associating?
This is.
Please.
I'm trying to steal the show.
The judge's question shouldn't be part of the contest.
It's first question goes to Amir.
Number two, how different would the world be if it was a matriarchy?
Grace cut this one out.
Question number two, what steps or measures need to be taken
to eradicate poverty?
Uh, give people access to jobs, more jobs.
So that people can create more capital.
Wow.
To be further exploited by those in power.
That's how we eradicate poverty.
That feels like how we enforce it.
Food straps bet brand.
That's not bad.
Food straps are empty.
I mean, he got to start with an equal distribution of wealth.
I would begin by taxing every dollar over $1 billion at 98%.
We don't need to be racing towards the world's first trillion air.
If you have a thousand million dollars, that's more than enough.
Especially I'm not even close to being done.
With a third of all Americans living below the poverty line, it feels very counterproductive
to have the 1% of wealth being owned by the top 16 richest people in America.
So I would start with that.
Secondly, raise the minimum wage.
The price of goods sold have gone up since COVID, but the minimum wage has barely
kept up with inflation.
I mean, this is an unsustainable cliff or hurtling towards.
I shouldn't we just instead of raising the minimum wage just gave people more jobs.
So for example, instead of one job, you would have three.
Yeah.
And then you'd be making $24 an hour because it's eight times.
You did, Emily.
How would you do three jobs at the same?
Well, and then the rich folks could stay rich.
Are you rich?
Why, so why are you fighting for this?
I just think it's cool.
Up, go, Bob, decided.
Well, that's a really big take.
Oh, man.
And why the real, the person answers, and then they're like, that was a, awesome.
That was a really, really beast.
It was like, I have to do something else, and then I started putting together my new vacuum.
Um, will you say that we will pleaded the fifth on this one?
He said the bottom first.
Yeah.
Okay, here we go.
If you could break one rule, what would that rule be and when?
Let's start with it.
Don't break because he's about to fall asleep.
Um, I would pay.
Um, less taxes.
Okay.
Why?
Because I came up with the tax and the billionaires more rule.
I'm not saying you're in a tax prime.
It goes down just your taxes.
Correct.
I have more than made up for my share by urging others to do that.
Yeah, I get that.
Yeah.
Bread.
I'd like to do shrumes more.
That's a rule.
You can't do shrumes legally, so.
You can't in Oregon, I thought.
Oh, yeah, that's right.
Everyone.
Quill.
J-walking.
Don't believe me.
J-walk.
Because you had a bad.
Wonderful.
Pick one.
Uh.
Okay.
Here we go.
This is maybe the best question so far for the interview to page it.
I would say that so far the person with the most interviews.
It's neck and neck with them here in Will.
Bread.
You might as well just be a judge.
You might as well be a judge.
I only care about outer beauty.
So if you had a chance to discuss a social issue with world leaders, would you or not?
Yes, this is a yes or no.
No.
Yes.
Okay.
Yeah.
That one is going to have to go to Will.
I said yes, too.
Are we not enjoying the interview?
I was.
Until what answer question until you said I was a huge thing, man.
I said I didn't have any interview.
Mean that you didn't have an interview.
I just meant that you weren't responding in a way that it exhibited it.
You called him out of Italy.
I didn't say that, but that was my inner monologue of the inner uglyness of Brad Lee.
But that doesn't mean you don't aesthetically look fine.
Thank you.
Well, thank you to you or to Brad.
Oh, I was just saying thank you in general.
Gratitude.
We're just expressing ambient gratitude.
Bad gratitude.
My gratitude.
Cafe gratitude.
That's really good.
Okay, so.
Can I have the I am in a hat?
What?
You were looking at.
Yeah.
Never mind.
I was about to give you the inner beauty pageant.
No, but then you said can I have the I am in a hat?
Yeah, that's like.
Which is it?
It's a secret order.
It's a cafe.
Yeah.
So when you go to this cafe gratitude place in Los Angeles,
you're like, I am grateful.
Can I have the I am?
Instead of saying a salad bowl,
it's like, it's called I am content.
And you have to tell the waiter.
Can I have I am content?
You're supposed to just say I am content.
Yeah.
I see you don't say can I have.
Yeah, you don't say can I have.
I can have the I am fine.
Burger.
I mean I have sugar.
Can I have?
I have Nirvana Burger.
I'm sorry.
I don't get long enough.
Do you think anybody's ever been broken up with
at cafe gratitude before they ordered?
So like how would that look?
Let's do this.
So it's like, yeah, I'm not.
I just don't think it's going to work out.
Just because like we're so different.
You know, I like we view the way differently.
And I could not.
I am disappointed.
Burger.
Yes.
The problem is I also.
No, how long we've been going because all the shit started recording before we were ready.
Yeah.
I've been recording for an hour and two minutes.
It's definitely not that.
I get like a half hour.
That's it.
Yeah.
Let's start it at 10.
30.
All right.
Oh, you know, it's been 35.
It's been 35 minutes.
And I'm wondering if you guys want to move on from the
internet community pageant because I thought it was a fun segment and everybody looks pissed.
I'm into it.
You're into it.
I think I'm going to turn it around.
I don't know, man.
When will smiles?
It looks like he's angry.
I don't think so.
I think it looks like he's like smiling with vitriol.
Does that make sense?
I mean, you can see it right here in my frame.
Look at this.
I think he's a cutie.
That's what I was going to say.
Hey, you see.
Sorry.
You're saying the opposite.
You're saying that my smile has vitriol.
And now I'm cute.
All right.
Let's just figure out this beauty pageant thing.
What's your favorite memory?
Oh, we're still doing that.
Yep.
Ah.
Favorite memory guys.
Come on.
The pause is not good for inner beauty.
That's not an easy question to just pull out of nowhere.
Oh, okay.
Now my favorite memories probably...
First episode of the Hill King's podcast.
Very recent.
Did it go that well?
Yeah.
The internet's a buzz about it.
Who are your co-hosts?
And why?
Oh, co-host.
He's a professional juggler slash daddy from Edmund Oklahoma.
Like a father or he's like a dumb.
Exactly.
Not an answer.
If you say that at a traffic stop,
you get a ticket for sure.
Well, I don't stop.
Do you know why I feed you over today?
I think you're getting drunk tanked for that.
We'll style.
Oh, my God.
He's so drunk.
What?
He still makes me happy like a years later.
I always think it's you.
It has been sounds like he was going to be.
Are you out to play it?
Uh, what is your favorite thing about Austin?
The next question in the inner beauty pageant.
And you can take that.
It can be the city or it can be your buddy.
Fold it free.
Cafe.
Okay.
And it's Austin someone you would consider a role model and wear.
So not the city.
Wrap it up, I think.
That is up her.
Now you're not even saying a joke.
Complete this sentence.
I want to win this inner beauty pageant because I want it to end.
Well, not sure if you heard.
Well, I'd like to wear crown.
I don't know if that's a crown because that would be outer beauty is to wear something.
How would your parents describe your inner beauty pageant experience?
They'd be confused for sure.
Is because, yeah, they don't know what this is.
How did your parents read?
This is an on-secreter.
Don't relate it to the pageant.
How did they feel about your wedding?
They enjoyed it very much.
Back to the pageant.
Okay.
Do you have to speak it in assembly?
What topic would you want to address and when?
After lunch.
Yep.
Definitely on on chicken finger.
And then you said school.
Did I say, well, you said in assembly of people.
It also doesn't have to be school.
Other places have lunch.
Let's go to point.
I don't know if anger is indicative of inner beauty.
Angers aside.
Very emotions.
Not anger.
You're just bad.
You're just interpreting emotion.
Yeah.
I didn't even raise my voice.
I'm completely calm.
We're so back.
That was all I'm awake.
No, not from a break.
I meant like energetically we're back.
Hmm.
Here's a good one.
If you could open a vineyard.
Where would it be?
And with whom?
Francis Ford Coppola, Northern California.
A established brand.
Correct.
Thank you.
Wow.
All we had to do was follow the damn train.
CJ.
If you could be on a train.
Let the unsenders.
I don't know what that is.
I think it's from Grint of D'Auto.
It's from Grint of D'Auto.
Oh, this is great.
Do you think parents should be punished for crimes committed by
their children?
Immediately.
Right.
In one word.
Lock them up.
Style.
Lock.
Lock dads up.
This is really good.
What emotion do you experience most both in general and on this show?
Oh.
Vitriol.
And that's in general.
I'm assuming.
Yeah.
And then towards the show.
Horny.
I don't think he can say that to me.
Yeah.
He can.
I don't think.
What about that?
To will.
Just to be.
How would you describe your interview?
This is the last question.
How do you would you describe your interview?
Page experience.
Horny.
I mean, we're about to crown a winner, but we have to wrap this up and not end it.
Wait.
There's a crown.
Is there a crown or isn't there a crown?
Metaphorically very, you're being very obsessed with crowns.
And even if I had the crown here, you wouldn't be able to wear the crown near.
Right?
Well, it's just qualified.
It's just qualified.
I'm sick of the crown top.
And you know what?
It's indicative of somebody with only outer beauty.
And I honestly love to do this.
I love to do this.
But I don't think that you've earned the right for the crown.
I don't think that you've shown anything other than frankly disregard for inner monologues.
Let alone beauty.
I've earned thought processes weren't good for anyone who has knees.
Got it.
Now I'm free of associate.
I resign.
I'm gonna say that the inner beauty page and queen of the year is please don't give it to me.
I'll be there.
I didn't want that.
I didn't want that title.
I don't think the audience wanted you to have it either.
Right.
But you know what?
You gave some thought-provoking answers about finance.
You fired a shoot out of beauty in terms of wisdom.
And you took the whole thing with a reverence that I haven't seen out of you in quite some time.
It's like you was gonna fall asleep.
Yeah.
I have a question for you.
Yes.
When did you?
Sure.
From what hours till when did you sleep last night?
Just last night.
I guess last two nights.
Last night was a belief 315 a.m. to 915 a.m.
Okay.
And then I horrible.
Yeah.
Pretty bad.
But I've been before.
All night.
Yeah.
Because there aren't enough hours in the day.
And then what do you do from 115 to 315?
What's that last two hours of the night like for you?
I don't want to be crass or blue.
Yeah.
But it's a lot of self-completion.
Ah.
Automotive.
Automotive Felicia, which is when you go down on a Mazda.
And meditation.
At Jeffrey James on Instagram.
At Jeff Boyardy on Twitter.
And that's to hear more of that.
You said I need to promote the show.
So maybe I clip this out.
Post it to the head.
I don't know who says no to that.
Yeah.
That could be a good clip.
Try to find one where we're laughing though.
That might be tough in this one.
Will, what do you got going on?
I think people towards and don't just say your apartment in Brooklyn.
Nothing crazy.
That's it.
Just have a good day.
Thanks for having me on Jeff.
I really love to be here.
Honestly, and genuinely, have me back any time.
It doesn't interrupt my day at all.
Wow.
I've never been so unsure if someone's being facetious or not.
Really?
Look at the joy on this face.
You can't mean that.
I don't know if you're.
I'm trying to, well, you're not originally from California.
Oh, shit.
Turn out like that.
And that's what pissed you off.
Brad.
I'm looking spot cast on YouTube.
Apple Spotify.
Subscribe on Instagram.
Try to get to a hundred K by the way.
Really fast.
Just started to show you want to get to a hundred K.
I'm here.
Think about getting a Pfizer.
Think about getting Pfizer.
Pretty good.
What is then?
Another hour or more.